# puppet_type_boilerplate
A Perl script to generate boilerplate code for a custom Puppet type and provider(s).

## Usage:

``` 
  ./puppet_type_boilerplate --type <custom resource type>[ <other options, see below>]
  ./puppet_type_boilerplate --help
```

 This script writes boileplate code for custom Puppet types and providers.
 It saves you some typing, but you will still have to write your own 
 code in Ruby, and, more generally, to understand what you are doing.
 
 The most likely scenario is assumed: an 'ensurable' type with default
 options for 'ensure' property (:present and :absent), and simple
 prefetch/flush providers.
 
## Options:
 
  **--type**
  
    The name of your custom Puppet resource type. Mandatory.
    
  **--param**
    
    A comma-separated list of this type's parameters except
    the 'namevar'. NO SPACES. Example:
    
    --param host,port,protocol

    
  **--prop**
  
    A comma-separated list of this type's properties except
    those whose values are arrays. NO SPACES. Example:
    --prop host,port,protocol
    
  **--array-prop**
    
    A comma-separated list of this type's properties whose values 
    are arrays. NO SPACES. Example:
    --array-prop user_tags,user_roles
    
  **--namevar**
  
    The spacial 'namevar' parameter that will be used for a resource
    identifier. If omited, defaults to 'name'.
    
  **--provider**
  
    A comma-separated list of provider names for this particular type
    
  **--with-property-methods**
  
    Will write out getter and setter methods for each property in
    each provider as generated by mk_resource_methods. This is only
    necessary if you are going to change them, otherwise this
    option should be omited. Note that explicitly defined getter 
    and setter methods take precedence over those generated with
    mk_resource_methods, which allows you to partially override them.
    
  **--libdir**
  
    The root directory for Puppet extensions. Typically
    $environment/modules/<a module>/lib
    If omited, the code is printed to STDOUT.
    
  **--help, -h, -?**
    
    Prints this message

